[Music]
seven things you must avoid when
fighting with your beloved
you
in an abusive relationship right now
even though we hope that there are not
that many of you just leave and never
look back
unfortunately it's most likely that your
partner won't change he or she has been
using this form of problem solving for
so long that it became a habit so it's
completely pointless to think that it
will change pack your bags
or his or her bags and end this as soon
as you can you can go anywhere and you
deserve way better than that well that
kind of got dark let's move along to our
next point five don't mix it all up when
you fight with someone you naturally
start to remember every situation in
which he or she did something wrong
never use it as an argument to your
conflict yes it feels acceptable at that
moment to tell your partner that it's
always his or her fault and by the way
he or she didn't even wash the dog
yesterday or forgot to clean up last
Tuesday
but it will make your conflict even
bigger you were fighting about one thing
and now congratulations you're fighting
about every single mistake you did this
month what a successful way to solve a
problem but seriously this type of
conflict would end up getting ugly
pretty quickly and to leave you two
red-faced from constant yelling also
your partner may have a logical question
do I need to continue a relationship in
which there are so many demands if the
fight has already started stick to the
main issue and don't try to prove your
point by bringing up past issues who
doesn't make me say
the important thing is to learn from
them so don't be way too hard on your
loved ones and don't make a huge deal
out of small domestic conflicts for
never ever talk about a divorce divorce
is a complete end of your relationship
as a couple and you shouldn't bring it
up unless you are 100% sure that you
really want it and there is no other way
left to save their marriage you may not
realize it now but when you say let's
divorce during a fight this can become
the biggest insult ever these words may
hurt the feelings of your partner really
badly even if you do not mean it if you
say it on a regular basis be prepared
that one day your partner will answer
yes let's do this and put a major oops
moment it would be you may think that by
doing it you'll make your pertinent
reevaluate once again how important this
marriage is to him or her but instead
you plant the seed of an idea in his or
her head and the more you will fight the
more your partner will think of a
divorce as a possible option so no
divorce talks only a very few and
serious misunderstandings and conflicts
do cost a relationship and yours is most
probably not on this small list
three never leave the house in the
middle of the fight making a dramatic
speech slamming the doors and running
into the darkness may seem cool in the
movies but in real life it's definitely
not a great way to solve the problem we
are all adults here and simply leaving
the house during a fight will only show
how uncomfortable you feel staying under
the same roof as your partner and if
after this you go to your parents or
other family members house it's even
double trouble put seriously this kind
of behavior is quite childish and
useless
you
hello don't forget to hit the like
button and share this video with your
partner and friends subscribe to our
channel for more videos like this and
remember to always stay on the bright
side of life see you soon